This is a draft to potentially be added to the readme file. This has been created seeing as in general
windows computers might have an issue installing the relevant packages. Therefore this file will initially 
describe the identified issues, and how they were fixed on our machines.

It is urgent to emphasize, that these are based on hands on debugging, and therefore might not guarantee to fix the issues.
As well as if you use either Linux or Macintosh systems, there should be little to no issues with running any and all of the python modules. 

First Element: 

There might be issues with using Python editions later than .11 and earlier than .8. 
For this reason, it is recommended to immediately download and setup python 11, 
as well as the virtual environment to run and store the relevant packages.

Second Element:

It might be necessary to have the relevant CSS build tools installed, if it is the case you are yet to have it installed, 
you will get an error message regarding the module "Meson" that was not able to work due to a CSS issue, if this is the case, 
it is recommended to install visual studio with the relevant CSS for desktop build tools (Or the individual packages that can probably looked up specificly)

Third Element (And potentially most important):

The download of necessary compilers. Whilst the first 2 you might be accustomed to, the last one is quite important, and is why the Windows computers seem to fail.
The necessary compiler comes preinstalled on Linux and Macintosh, but does not come preinstalled on windows.

The relevant compiler is called "Mingw" and can be found online, e.g. through: https://winlibs.com/

the zip file of the compiler needs to be downloaded, and then stored somewhere. therafter the compiler needs to be added to your path.
Seeing as this was my first time custom installing a compiler, I have decided to provide a quick guide.

1. Install the zip file

2. Unfold it on a drive, I recommend just C:

3. Run (Windows + R) sysdm.cpl

4. Go to 'Advanced' in the tabs

5. Open Environment Variables

6. Find 'Path' and press editions

7. Add the folder '[path to Mingw]/bin'

8. Restart computers

This should add the compiler to your system.

